Skip to content

Limited Edition Midnight Diamonds Collection | SHOP NOW

FENTY BEAUTY
Canada | English
Sign In
Search
Cart
New! Fluid Flex
Bestsellers
Makeup
Skincare
Body
Hair
Fragrance
Sale
Discover
Home  All Makeup

All Makeup

Lip Makeup
Face Makeup
Cheek Makeup
Eye Makeup
Brushes + Tools

SHOP All Makeup

Discover makeup for all at Fenty Beauty, where inclusivity isn't just a word—it's the heartbeat of every product. Here, beauty lovers can shop makeup that's designed to celebrate and elevate every skin tone. Come explore our bestsellers, from the groundbreaking Pro Filt’r Foundation, known for its extensive shade range, to the universally loved Gloss Bomb Lip Luminizers that flatter every pout. Each piece in our collection is not just a makeup product; it’s a statement of self-expression. But there's more than just incredible makeup here.


We understand that finding your perfect foundation shade online can seem daunting. That’s why we offer virtual services—a digital wonderland where you can easily find your foundation shade match, get tailored recommendations, and virtually try on products to ensure you love them. Completing your beauty routine doesn’t end there. We know that a flawless application begins with skin that’s been treated right. Enter Fenty Skin—your bestie in skincare that prepares and perfects your canvas for makeup application. Experience the ultimate skincare and makeup link-up; after indulging in your Fenty Skin essentials, layering on your Fenty Beauty favorites feels like a dream. So go ahead, let the best version of yourself shine with our products.

DOWN FOR MORE? WE GOT YOU!

All the latest product drops, limited offers, in-store event info–straight to your inbox.

Email
Phone

By subscribing to Fenty Beauty & Fenty Skin you consent to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing messages (e.g. cart reminders) via automated technology including email and text messages. Consent is not a condition of any purchase. View Terms of Use & Privacy Policy. Message and data rates may apply. Reply HELP for help or STOP to opt-out.

CUSTOMER SERVICE

Operating hours are from 9am-9pm EST Monday-Friday and 9am-6pm EST Saturday. Reach out today!

customerservice@fentybeauty.com
1-855-440-7474
Order Status
Shipping Information
Returns
Contact Us
Help & FAQs
My Account
Gift Card Balance
ABOUT

Rihanna was inspired to create the world of Fenty Beauty brands after years of partnering with the best of the best in the beauty industry—and still seeing a void for products that performed across all skin tones + types and hair textures.

About the Brands
Clara Lionel Foundation
Careers
TikTok
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Canada | English
Privacy
Terms of Use
Refund Policy
CA Supply Chain Act
Canadian Modern Slavery Report
Accessibility
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Account
Skip
